your RV refrigerator has two forms of
refrigeration the gas side and the 110
side most refrigerators will have an
eyebrow board okay has an on/off button
and a gas select switch to turn on your
refrigerator simply turn refrigerator
button on you will indicate a light that
says auto what this means is it's going
to look for 110 first if it does not
have the 110 side it will automatically
switch to the gas if the check light
comes on that means the gas did not
light now on the inside of the
refrigerator you will notice a light if
the door is open the light is on for
winter storage simply turn off the
refrigerator and the light goes out now
you can leave your refrigerator doors
open without fear of mildew your RV
ranging of it it's fairly simple you're
going to turn the burner to light if it
has the piezo igniter it'll be located
on the off side of what your oven light
is you're just going to twist it and
light it the burners you're just going
to use a long lighter if you don't have
the direct spark the oven is just as
simple you're going to turn it to pile
it on indicate it on the top of the knob
light the pilot at the pilot assembly
once the pilot is lit you're going to
hold it for about five seconds let it go
check it and see if it stayed wit and
then turn it on to the desired
temperature now your RV is equipped with
a monitor panel system what this monitor
panel does is it monitors one your
battery your fresh tank and your waste
tanks to indicate which one you wanted
to read simply push the word that you're
looking for for instance battery you're
going to notice that all four lights are
on indicating that it is full you go to
the fresh tank there is only one light
and it is on the e which means empty
your LP leak detector is located just
below the oven your LP leak detector is
designed to detect any leaks of LP if
you want to test it there is a test but
right on the on the bottom underneath
the light